\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode=true}{hyperref} % options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
%
\documentclass[]{article}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsmath}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\usepackage{fixltx2e} % provides \textsubscript
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provides euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xelatex
  \usepackage{unicode-math}
  \defaultfontfeatures{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=MatchLowercase}
\fi
% use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
% use microtype if available
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{%
\usepackage[]{microtype}
\UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
\usepackage{parskip}
}{% else
\setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
\setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}
}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{
            pdfborder={0 0 0},
            breaklinks=true}
\urlstyle{same}  % don't use monospace font for urls
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em}  % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{0}
% Redefines (sub)paragraphs to behave more like sections
\ifx\paragraph\undefined\else
\let\oldparagraph\paragraph
\renewcommand{\paragraph}[1]{\oldparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi
\ifx\subparagraph\undefined\else
\let\oldsubparagraph\subparagraph
\renewcommand{\subparagraph}[1]{\oldsubparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi

% set default figure placement to htbp
\makeatletter
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother

\usepackage[]{natbib}
\bibliographystyle{plainnat}

\date{}

\begin{document}

Results included in this manuscript come from preprocessing performed
using \emph{fMRIPrep} 20.1.0 (\citet{fmriprep1}; \citet{fmriprep2};
RRID:SCR\_016216), which is based on \emph{Nipype} 1.4.2
(\citet{nipype1}; \citet{nipype2}; RRID:SCR\_002502).

\begin{description}
\item[Anatomical data preprocessing]
A total of 1 T1-weighted (T1w) images were found within the input BIDS
dataset.The T1-weighted (T1w) image was corrected for intensity
non-uniformity (INU) with \texttt{N4BiasFieldCorrection} \citep{n4},
distributed with ANTs 2.2.0 \citep[RRID:SCR\_004757]{ants}, and used as
T1w-reference throughout the workflow. The T1w-reference was then
skull-stripped with a \emph{Nipype} implementation of the
\texttt{antsBrainExtraction.sh} workflow (from ANTs), using OASIS30ANTs
as target template. Brain tissue segmentation of cerebrospinal fluid
(CSF), white-matter (WM) and gray-matter (GM) was performed on the
brain-extracted T1w using \texttt{fast} \citep[FSL 5.0.9,
RRID:SCR\_002823,][]{fsl_fast}. Volume-based spatial normalization to
one standard space (MNI152NLin2009cAsym) was performed through nonlinear
registration with \texttt{antsRegistration} (ANTs 2.2.0), using
brain-extracted versions of both T1w reference and the T1w template. The
following template was selected for spatial normalization: \emph{ICBM
152 Nonlinear Asymmetrical template version 2009c}
{[}\citet{mni152nlin2009casym}, RRID:SCR\_008796; TemplateFlow ID:
MNI152NLin2009cAsym{]},
\item[Functional data preprocessing]
For each of the 5 BOLD runs found per subject (across all tasks and
sessions), the following preprocessing was performed. First, a reference
volume and its skull-stripped version were generated using a custom
methodology of \emph{fMRIPrep}. Head-motion parameters with respect to
the BOLD reference (transformation matrices, and six corresponding
rotation and translation parameters) are estimated before any
spatiotemporal filtering using \texttt{mcflirt} \citep[FSL
5.0.9,][]{mcflirt}. BOLD runs were slice-time corrected using
\texttt{3dTshift} from AFNI 20160207 \citep[RRID:SCR\_005927]{afni}. A
B0-nonuniformity map (or \emph{fieldmap}) was estimated based on a
phase-difference map calculated with a dual-echo GRE (gradient-recall
echo) sequence, processed with a custom workflow of \emph{SDCFlows}
inspired by the
\href{http://www.nmr.mgh.harvard.edu/~greve/fbirn/b0/epidewarp.fsl}{\texttt{epidewarp.fsl}
script} and further improvements in HCP Pipelines \citep{hcppipelines}.
The \emph{fieldmap} was then co-registered to the target EPI
(echo-planar imaging) reference run and converted to a displacements
field map (amenable to registration tools such as ANTs) with FSL's
\texttt{fugue} and other \emph{SDCflows} tools. Based on the estimated
susceptibility distortion, a corrected EPI (echo-planar imaging)
reference was calculated for a more accurate co-registration with the
anatomical reference. The BOLD reference was then co-registered to the
T1w reference using \texttt{flirt} \citep[FSL 5.0.9,][]{flirt} with the
boundary-based registration \citep{bbr} cost-function. Co-registration
was configured with nine degrees of freedom to account for distortions
remaining in the BOLD reference. The BOLD time-series (including
slice-timing correction when applied) were resampled onto their
original, native space by applying a single, composite transform to
correct for head-motion and susceptibility distortions. These resampled
BOLD time-series will be referred to as \emph{preprocessed BOLD in
original space}, or just \emph{preprocessed BOLD}. The BOLD time-series
were resampled into standard space, generating a \emph{preprocessed BOLD
run in MNI152NLin2009cAsym space}. First, a reference volume and its
skull-stripped version were generated using a custom methodology of
\emph{fMRIPrep}. Several confounding time-series were calculated based
on the \emph{preprocessed BOLD}: framewise displacement (FD), DVARS and
three region-wise global signals. FD was computed using two formulations
following Power (absolute sum of relative motions,
\citet{power_fd_dvars}) and Jenkinson (relative root mean square
displacement between affines, \citet{mcflirt}). FD and DVARS are
calculated for each functional run, both using their implementations in
\emph{Nipype} \citep[following the definitions by][]{power_fd_dvars}.
The three global signals are extracted within the CSF, the WM, and the
whole-brain masks. Additionally, a set of physiological regressors were
extracted to allow for component-based noise correction
\citep[\emph{CompCor},][]{compcor}. Principal components are estimated
after high-pass filtering the \emph{preprocessed BOLD} time-series
(using a discrete cosine filter with 128s cut-off) for the two
\emph{CompCor} variants: temporal (tCompCor) and anatomical (aCompCor).
tCompCor components are then calculated from the top 5\% variable voxels
within a mask covering the subcortical regions. This subcortical mask is
obtained by heavily eroding the brain mask, which ensures it does not
include cortical GM regions. For aCompCor, components are calculated
within the intersection of the aforementioned mask and the union of CSF
and WM masks calculated in T1w space, after their projection to the
native space of each functional run (using the inverse BOLD-to-T1w
transformation). Components are also calculated separately within the WM
and CSF masks. For each CompCor decomposition, the \emph{k} components
with the largest singular values are retained, such that the retained
components' time series are sufficient to explain 50 percent of variance
across the nuisance mask (CSF, WM, combined, or temporal). The remaining
components are dropped from consideration. The head-motion estimates
calculated in the correction step were also placed within the
corresponding confounds file. The confound time series derived from head
motion estimates and global signals were expanded with the inclusion of
temporal derivatives and quadratic terms for each
\citep{confounds_satterthwaite_2013}. Frames that exceeded a threshold
of 0.5 mm FD or 1.5 standardised DVARS were annotated as motion
outliers. All resamplings can be performed with \emph{a single
interpolation step} by composing all the pertinent transformations
(i.e.~head-motion transform matrices, susceptibility distortion
correction when available, and co-registrations to anatomical and output
spaces). Gridded (volumetric) resamplings were performed using
\texttt{antsApplyTransforms} (ANTs), configured with Lanczos
interpolation to minimize the smoothing effects of other kernels
\citep{lanczos}. Non-gridded (surface) resamplings were performed using
\texttt{mri\_vol2surf} (FreeSurfer).
\end{description}

Many internal operations of \emph{fMRIPrep} use \emph{Nilearn} 0.6.2
\citep[RRID:SCR\_001362]{nilearn}, mostly within the functional
processing workflow. For more details of the pipeline, see
\href{https://fmriprep.readthedocs.io/en/latest/workflows.html}{the
section corresponding to workflows in \emph{fMRIPrep}'s documentation}.

\hypertarget{copyright-waiver}{%
\subsubsection{Copyright Waiver}\label{copyright-waiver}}

The above boilerplate text was automatically generated by fMRIPrep with
the express intention that users should copy and paste this text into
their manuscripts \emph{unchanged}. It is released under the
\href{https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/}{CC0} license.

\hypertarget{references}{%
\subsubsection{References}\label{references}}

\bibliography{/usr/local/miniconda/lib/python3.7/site-packages/fmriprep/data/boilerplate.bib}

\end{document}
